c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Union Lessons\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Union Lessons\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Union Lessons\Client\bin\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Union Lessons\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Union Lessons\Client\obj\Debug\Client.Client.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Union Lessons\Client\obj\Debug\Client.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Union Lessons\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Union Lessons\Client\obj\Debug\Client.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Union Lessons\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Union Lessons\Server\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Union Lessons\Server\bin\Debug\Client.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Union Lessons\Server\bin\Debug\Client.pdb
C:\Users\Kelt\Documents\GitHub\Lessons\Lesson 1\Server\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
C:\Users\Kelt\Documents\GitHub\Lessons\Lesson 1\Client\obj\Debug\Client.exe
C:\Users\Kelt\Documents\GitHub\Lessons\Lesson 1\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
C:\Users\Kelt\Documents\GitHub\Lessons\Lesson 1\Server\bin\Debug\Client.exe
C:\Users\Kelt\Documents\GitHub\Lessons\Lesson 1\Server\bin\Debug\Client.pdb
C:\Users\Kelt\Documents\GitHub\Lessons\Lesson 1\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kelt\Documents\GitHub\Lessons\Lesson 1\Client\obj\Debug\Client.Client.resources
C:\Users\Kelt\Documents\GitHub\Lessons\Lesson 1\Client\obj\Debug\Client.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Kelt\Documents\GitHub\Lessons\Lesson 1\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Igor\Desktop\NetworkProgramming\Lesson 1\Lesson 1\Server\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
C:\Users\Igor\Desktop\NetworkProgramming\Lesson 1\Lesson 1\Client\obj\Debug\Client.exe
C:\Users\Igor\Desktop\NetworkProgramming\Lesson 1\Lesson 1\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
